Add brand and logo icons announcement readme markdown (#94)
Templarian/MaterialDesign-Site: src/content/brand-icons.md

# Brand and Logo Icons

> Brand or logo icons are icons that represent a company and/or product logo. Some examples may include the Facebook logo, the Fedora linux distribution logo, the Xbox logo, etc.

Reviewer: Find other examples, I would rather we keep distros and gaming console brands.

## Brand Icons in Material Design Icons

As Material Design Icons has continued to rapidly grow, we've decided to take a step back and reaffirm our mission:

> Material Design Icons is an icon library dedicated to providing high-quality icons that follow [Material design principles][1].

Keeping that mission in mind, brand and logo icons are simply not _Material_. Additionally, we have had issues dealing with logos that don't work well in a color, don't fit in a distinguishable way within a 24x24dp artboard, or are just very obscure logos to begin with. It is very easy to say that we do not feel that we have served this niche of icons well.

**Moving forward, we are no longer accepting new brand or logo icons into the
Material Design Icons library.***

\* We _may_ consider technology-related logo icons based around development (e.g. Webpack) for well-known tools, but these will be done on a case-by-case basis.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What will happen with current brand icons in MDI?

> We are unsure about the future of the current brand and logo icons in MDI. For now, all current brand and logo icons available as of v3.6.95 will continue to be available for the foreseeable future. At some point, we may decide to deprecate and remove existing brand and logo icons. If we do that, we will make an announcement and provide ample time for our users to update their code to use alternative icon sources for their brand and logo icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are unsure about the future of the current brand and logo icons in MDI. For now, all current brand and logo icons available as of `v3.6.95` will continue to be available for the foreseeable future. There will be a very long deprecation, most likely announced at the `v4.0.x` release. We will likely keep these brand and logo icons until `v5.0.x`.

This announcement will also be given directly to larger projects so they can correctly handle these icons. We will provide suggestions of how to handle deprecated/removed icons. Most likely suggesting a placeholder.
```

### Where should I get my brand and logo icons from?

> We highly recommend our friends over at [SimpleIcons][2] to serve your brand icon needs. SimpleIcons is a full icon library specifically designed for brand and logo icons. They offer their [icon package on npm] and provide SVG and JavaScript interfaces to include the icons into your project. Additionally, they have a CDN available if you do not wish to host the icons yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We _highly_ recommend our friends over at [SimpleIcons][2] to serve your brand icon needs. SimpleIcons is a full icon library specifically designed for brand and logo icons. They offer their [icon package on npm] and provide SVG and JavaScript interfaces to include the icons into your project. Additionally, they have a CDN available if you do not wish to host the icons yourself.
```

### I use Home Assistant, will I be affected by this change?

> Most likely not, brand icons are rarely used in Home Assistant. Current brand icons in the MDI library will remain unchanged for now, but if there is a new brand icon you would like to use in Home Assistant, that will require some changes on Home Assitant's part to support other icon libraries. We have communicated our intent with Home Assistant and [have opened a feature request][4], asking them to add support for SimpleIcons to provide an avenue for new brand and logo icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most likely not as we do not provide many brands specific to home automation. Current brand icons in the MDI library will remain unchanged for now, but if there is a new brand icon you would like to use in Home Assistant, that will require some changes on Home Assistant's part to support other icon libraries. We have communicated our intent with Home Assistant and [have opened a feature request][4], asking them to add support for SimpleIcons to provide an avenue for new brand and logo icons.
```
